All right, so in this video, we're going to put in place the foundations for our navigation.
Now keep in mind that we want to work on authentication first, so basically sign up and log in.
Let's go ahead and create the first screen that we're going to use and that is the sign up screen.
So I'm going to create here a new package, and I'm going to call this off for authentication.
And here I'm going to create a new file called sign up screen.
Make sure you select a file here.
We don't need a class and here we're basically going to create a composable.
OK.
And I'm going to have fun.
Sign up screen here.
I'm going to have two parameters NAV Controller of type nav controller, which is going to be our navigation
controller and then the end of type Instagram View model.
OK.
And let's just put a text here.
Sorry, not a text field, just a text, and the text is going to be up screen.
OK, so once we display this, we have a text on the screen to verify that we have reached this composable
now going to main activity here, we're going to define our navigation and our possible destinations.
OK, so here, right before my Instagram app composable, I'm going to create a sealed class that will
contain all my destination screens, so I'm going to call this destination screen.
And this will have one parameter vao route.
Of type string.
OK, so the name of that, Robert, and I'm going to create an object here.
Sign up.
Of type destinations screen.
With the root sign of.
OK, so we only have one screen at the moment, we will add more as we go through the app.
Now we have our sign up, let's go ahead and create our navigation host.
So in the Instagram app, I'm going to define a valve mask controller.
And this is going to be remember, nav controller with no parameters.
OK, so that will give us our navigation controller, and we can use that to create a nav host, so
maps host with the nav controller that we've just created and we don't need a graph, we will need a
start destination that's going to be destination screen dot sign up dot route.
OK.
And here we have a composable for the route that we are defining, right?
So destination screen dot sign up dot route.
And when we reach that route, we're going to say sign up screen, the nav controller that we have created
and the view model that you know, we also have received here via tilt.
So that is basically all there is to it.
We have the nav host here and we have the network controller that we can then use to navigate throughout
our application.
And as we go through our application, we're going to define more destination screens, more more routes,
more ways to reach those destination screens later on.
But for now, since our start destination is the sign up, we should be able to see this sign up screen
as soon as we run the application.
OK, so let's go ahead.
OK, let's go ahead and run our application here in our emulator or on the real device if you choose
to use that.
All right, so there we go.
Our application has run, there is much to it at the moment, but we can clearly see that we are in
the sign up screen here at the top left.
OK, so all is good now.
We can go ahead and start to build our sign up screen basically from scratch, right?
We can go ahead and implement the UI and the functionality later on.